docs(graphql): Add pagination notes to Cascade (#141)
dgraph-io/dgraph-docs: content/graphql/queries/cascade.md

}
```

### Pagination

Starting from v21.03, the `@cascade` directive supports pagination of query results.

> For example, to get the first 5 results only:

Reviewer: to get the next 5 results after skipping the first 2 with all the fields non-null:

Author: fixed

> For example, to get the first 5 results only:

Author: ```suggestion
For example, to get to get the next 5 results after skipping the first 2 with all the fields non-null:
```

```graphql
query {

>   queryTask(first: 5) @cascade {

Reviewer: queryTask(first: 5, offset: 2) @cascade {
......

Author: fixed

>   queryTask(first: 5) @cascade {

Author: ```suggestion
  queryTask(first: 5, offset: 2) @cascade {
```
